---
Task force: CRA Attestations
Document type: Minutes
Status: ⚠️ Draft
Date: 2025-11-04
---

##  Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics | 
| -- | ----- | 
|   0 | Welcome & approve agenda | 
|   5 | Approval of the minutes from the previous meeting [here](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/blob/main/minutes/2025-10-21-mom-cra-attestations.md)  |
|  10 | Outcomes from the Code & Compliance Workshop |
|  15 |  |
|  20 |  |
|  25 |  |
|  30 |  |
|  35 |  Next Steps in the CRA Attestations work |
|  40 |  | 
|  45 |  |
|  50 |  | 
|  55 | AOB | 

## Participants

- Æva Black (NullPointStudio)  
- Juan Rico (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Mathias Schindler (GitHub)  
- Lukas Pühringer (Eclipse Foundation)  
- Sebastian Tiemann (Open Elements)  
- Tobias Frech (iJUG e.V.)  
- Bec Rumbul (Rust Foundation)  
- Seth Larson (Python Software Foundation)  
- Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
- Dirk-Willem van Gulik (the Apache Software Foundation (ASF))  
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPAN Security Group)  
- Simon Phipps (SWH, Spec Cttee Chair)  
- Timo Perälä (Nokia, ORC co-chair)  
- Stefano Pampaloni (RIOS, Italy)

## Notes

### Welcome & approve agenda

- Agenda approved

### Approval of the minutes 

- No comments \- mark them as approved

### Outcomes from the Code & Compliance Workshop

- Presentations of the materials shared during the workshop \- [link here](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/blob/main/events/workshop-2025-10-code-and-compliance/presentations/Code%20%26%20Compliance%20Workshop%20For%20Voluntary%20Security%20Attestations%2023-10-2025.pdf)  
- If anyone has attestations programs running, reach out to share your work with the group to keep progressing on it.   
- Feedback from the community  
  - Challenges and questions are connected \- the ones presented are well selected.  
  - The PSF is interested in creating an attestation program, but the configuration as a 501c3 non-profit comes up as a barrier, so particularly interested in how Article 25, this group, and 501c3 orgs will work into a sustainability-building attestation program. \- From conversations with the EC \- attestations should not be a problem for a non-profit.  
  - In other industries, the not-profit foundations are already implementing similar activities to those planned with the CRA. It is a solid model deeply rooted in Europe, so no expected problems in non-profit organisations charging for attestations  
- How does the community turn the tide on negative memory/messaging about CRA?  
  - What are some good talking points, blog posts, etc, that we can use to refer folks to? Turn them into FAQ points\!  
      
- Next steps:  
  - Consolidate inputs from the workshop  
  - Set proposals to what needs to be done
 
- Plan for FOSDEM:  
  - Presentation of attestations  
  - Plan to start with anti-FUD messaging, since there’s still a lot of collective misunderstanding of the CRA  
  - Panel \- Foundations (working on attestations) \+ EC  
  - Code and Compliance FOSDEM edition (Thursday 29\) \- open for hosting presentation and workshop.

- Other Upcoming Events:  
  - FOSS Backstage (March 16 & 17\)  
  - Chaos Computing Congress (Dec 29\)  
  

- Others interested in sharing  
  - Salve / CPAN  
  - Tobie / ESP/Java  
    - Partnership with third-parties to support EOL versions of software who provide revenue-sharing back to the OSS maintainers developing new versions of the same software 

### Action Points

- [ ] Share and compare your attestation plan/programs/activities  
- [ ] Sub-group to form to get clarity on legal guidance regarding 501c3’s collecting compensation for VSAs. “not earning money”, “recovering costs”, “supporting mission or community”. Lead: Seth Larson (PSF). Contributing ideas: Dirk, Simon.  
- [ ] Move meeting to \-:30 minutes (15:30-16:30 CET)  
- [ ] Generate transcripts from the workshop’s breakout reports & send verification-and-sharing-request to each breakout’s presenter.
