---
Task force: CRA Attestations
Document type: Minutes
Status:  ğŸ“‹ Proposed Agenda
Date: 2025-12-16
---


## Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics |
| ----- | ----- |
| 0 | Welcome & approve agenda |
| 5 | Approval of the minutes from the previous meeting [here](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/blob/main/minutes/2025-12-02-mom-cra-attestations.md) |
| 10 | Status of the [action items from the previous meeting](#action-points-from-the-previous-meeting) |
| 15 | First draft of a 2-tier proposal discussion |
| 20 |  |
| 25 |  |
| 30 |  |
| 35 |  |
| 40 |  |
| 45 |  |
| 50 |  |
| 55 | AOB |

### Action points for the next meeting

- [ ] AP1 \- Share and compare your attestation plan/programs/activities  
- [ ] AP2 \- Sub-group to form to get clarity on legal guidance regarding 501c3â€™s collecting compensation for VSAs. â€œnot earning moneyâ€, â€œrecovering costsâ€, â€œsupporting mission or communityâ€. Lead: Seth Larson (PSF). Contributing ideas: Dirk, Simon. \- Ã†va: follow up with Dirk and Seth re: 501c3 guidance  

