---
Task force: CRA Attestations
Document type: Minutes
Status: ğŸ“‹ Proposed Agenda
Date: 2025-11-18
---


## Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics |
| ----- | ----- |
| 0 | Welcome & approve agenda |
| 5 | Approval of the minutes from the previous meeting [here](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/blob/main/minutes/2025-11-04-mom-cra-attestations.md) |
| 10 | Status of the [action items from the previous meeting](#action-points-from-the-previous-meeting) |
| 15 |  |
| 20 |  |
| 25 |  |
| 30 |  |
| 35 | Next Steps in the CRA Attestations work |
| 40 |  |
| 45 | AOB |
| 50 |  |
| 55 |  |


### Action points from the previous meeting

- [ ] Share and compare your attestation plan/programs/activities  
- [ ] Sub-group to form to get clarity on legal guidance regarding 501c3â€™s collecting compensation for VSAs. â€œnot earning moneyâ€, â€œrecovering costsâ€, â€œsupporting mission or communityâ€. Lead: Seth Larson (PSF). Contributing ideas: Dirk, Simon.  
- [ ] Move meeting to \-:30 minutes (15:30-16:30 CET)  
- [ ] Generate transcripts from the workshopâ€™s breakout reports & send verification-and-sharing-request to each breakoutâ€™s presenter.
