---
Task force: CRA Attestations
Document type: Minutes
Status:  ✅ Approved
Date: 2026-01-13
---


## Agenda

| Min | Agenda Topics |
| ----- | ----- |
| 0 | Welcome & approve agenda |
| 5 | Approval of the minutes from the previous meeting [here](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/blob/main/minutes/2025-12-16-mom-cra-attestations.md) |
| 10 | Status of the [action items from the previous meeting](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/blob/main/minutes/2025-12-16-mom-cra-attestations.md#action-points-from-the-previous-meeting) |
| 15 | Attestation [survey](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aWZBsBpJb1CDmVoTdAceg611Ap17JKJ8fe2DuBcnLto/edit?tab=t.0) |
| 20 |  |
| 25 |  |
| 30 | Discuss heavy-weight proposal \[Denjell\] |
| 35 |  |
| 40 |  |
| 45 | Discussion of [two-tier proposal](https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/blob/main/proposals/gen-two-tier-approach.md), as time permits |
| 50 |  |
| 55 | AOB |

## Action points for the next meeting

- [ ]  AP1 \- Share and compare your attestation plan/programs/activities  
- [ ]  AP2 \- Sub-group to form to get clarity on legal guidance regarding 501c3’s collecting compensation for VSAs. “not earning money”, “recovering costs”, “supporting mission or community”. Lead: Seth Larson (PSF). Contributing ideas: Dirk, Simon. \- Æva: follow up with Dirk and Seth re: 501c3 guidance

## Participants

- Æva Black  
- Mathias Schindler, GitHub  
- Juan Rico  
- Dirk-Willem van Gulik, the Apache Software Foundation (ASF)  
- Greg Wallace, NetActuate  
- Georg Kunz, Ericsson  
- Salve J. Nilsen (CPAN Security Group)  
- Adrian OSullivan (Huawei)  
- Alice Sowerby (FreeBSD Foundation)  
- Alistair Woodman. Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF)  
- Anne Dickison (FreeBSD Foundation)  
- Tobias Frech (iJUG e.V.)  
- Timo Perälä (Nokia)  
- Tobie Langel (UnlockOpen) \- at the top of the hour

## Notes

### Approval of the minutes from the previous meeting 

- Mark them as approved.

### Status of the action items from the previous meeting

- No progress on AP1 or AP2

### Attestation survey

- State of maturity of attestations  
- Please feel free to contribute  
- Goal:  
  - Readiness of manufacturers and open source maintainers.  
- Implementation of the survey through the European Commission survey tool  
- Information will be open and accessible.  
- Test run \- organise it to validate clarity and access to results.

### Discuss heavy-weight proposal \[Denjell\]

- Rationale: Low-risk scenarios can be covered by the light-weight approach, the challenge comes in high-risk scenarios.
- Check the existing PR https://github.com/orcwg/cra-attestations/pull/20 and comment   
- Could be an element to keep discussing during the FOSDEM week

### Discussion of two-tier proposal, as time permits

Not covered during the meeting

### AOB

None

## New Action Points
- [ ] AP 3 - Contribute to the definition of the questions and flow for the survey - targeting launch it during FOSDEM.
- [ ] AP 4 - Test run of the survey to validate clarity of the questions and availability of the info reported.
